#summary Frequently Asked Questions

= Will it work with any web page? =

Probably not. But you should give it a try. The algorithms used in Boilerpipe should be quite content-independent.

Please make sure that you first try with English text, preferably from News or Blog sites (the algorithms have been trained on such data). Then attempt to extract text from other sources and see how it goes. If you extract non-English text you might need to change some parameters (this is not yet automatized). See the [WSDM2010Paper WSDM 2010 paper] for details.

If your page is really short, i.e. it contains few words (or just one sentence per paragraph etc.), you might get worse results than for longer ones.

If your page does not contain sufficient HTML text (i.e., PDF, Flash or JavaScript), there is nothing Boilerpipe can do about it at the moment. Try converting the output to HTML or `TextDocument`s and feed it to a Boilerpipe extractor.

= It does not work for page _X_ =

== Parsing Problems? ==

Don't get frustrated -- maybe it is just an HTML parsing problem. Such problems are caused by bad HTML, which the upstream NekoHTML parser library is supposed to fix for boilerpipe. Unfortunately it does not always work out (e.g., for [http://abclocal.go.com/kgo/story?section=news/national_world&id=7153024 this page]).

In this case, try to clean the URL's HTML code before sending it to boilerpipe. If it then works, it is probably a bug in NekoHTML. If you have Firefox with the [https://addons.mozilla.org/de/firefox/addon/60 Web Developer Extension], you just need to click on "View Generated Source" and save that HTML to disk.

In the case of this [http://abclocal.go.com/kgo/story?section=news/national_world&id=7153024 this ABC page] it was sufficient to add a missing `</DIV>` tag. The problem has not yet been resolved in NekoHTML, see [https://sourceforge.net/tracker/?func=detail&atid=952178&aid=2909310&group_id=195122 NekoHTML Bug #2909310] for progress. _(Thanks to Kris Jirapinyo for sending me the page in question)_

Until the bug in NekoHTML has been resolved, please make sure that you feed clean HTML into Boilerpipe.

== Still not working ==

Please file an [http://code.google.com/p/boilerpipe/issues/list issue] with all necessary information (e.g., URL information and type of error). If possible please also attach the HTML in question.